---
layout:     post
title:      Day 35
date:       2017-07-16 22:26:56 +0200
summary:    How I lived and felt, day 35.
categories: journal
---

With day 35 in the books, I'm pleased to sit down and jot down a thought or two.

## How did I do?

I did well. Light bites. I had a lot of activity again today. Over 17k steps, for the day, and for the week I made over 128,000 steps. A daily average of over 18,000.

I'm exhausted and sore.

Welcome to the midway point!

## Highlight of the day?

Seeing Evelyn join in the lazy river fun was cool.

Second place was practicing Dutch poolside while the kids played. It's fun to speak and think in different languages. More forms of expression are always useful.

## How do I feel?

Day 35! 35 more to go.

I have no idea how I'm doing on the weight. I'd be surprised if I'm under 250. A lot of activity but also a lot of poor choices.

And yet I'm pleased, albeit sore, with my ability to enable the kids to do all they want to do and still get in my workouts.

I'm happy I started this project. But day 36 will be like day 1: disciplined to the nines! I start with a new run routine (run 20 out of 30 minutes), so I hope to cover a bit more ground in the allotted time. I also get back to work, which strange as it sounds, will help get back in a groove. We will still be out in the woodsy bungalow for one more week, but for me, it will merely be a backdrop to the more serious dealings of business that I will need to perform.

But it's OK. I'm grateful for the week I had, and for being in the Netherlands in the first place. I'm truly blessed.