---
layout:     post
title:      Day 54
date:       2017-08-04 22:35:18 +0200
summary:    How I lived and felt, day 54.
categories: journal
---

With day 54 in the books, I'm pleased to sit down and jot down a thought or two.

## How did I do?

Today was not a good day on the project front. No exercise and poor diet.

I had a chance to run this morning as I had intended. But because of a series of unfortunate events, I skipped the morning run in favor of an evening run that never happened.

Tomorrow is a new day.

## Highlight of the day?

It was an uneventful day today. I worked most of the day. Either for my family or the [company we're building](https://plxis.com).

We did take an hour to quickly run over to the Albert Heijn in [Goverwelle](http://www.winkelcentrumgoverwelle.nl/view/1/Home.html) to buy some groceries. That was fun albeit brief. That will have to count for today.

## How do I feel?

😒

## Bonus: 17 reasons I want to move to the Netherlands

Gosh, I love this country. Here's a quick-hit list why. (A post on my [usual blog](https://medium.com/@danielsweb) is incoming...)

1. The culture (how the Dutch think, speak, feel)
1. The seasons (rain/snow/sun)
1. Summers that aren't as hot
1. Long summer days (and long winter nights)
1. Being ahead of East coast (habits of successful people, without waking up quite as early)
1. Health and wellness
1. The history/age
1. Ridiculously good public transport
1. The bicycles
1. GMT Time Zone
1. Not so crowded
1. Sports (soccer, tour de France)
1. Traffic (manners of other drivers)
1. The food
1. The economics (Food reasonably priced, for example)
1. Not so vain
1. Socially responsible