---
layout:     post
title:      Day 26
date:       2017-07-08 13:31:26 +0200
summary:    How I lived and felt, day 26.
categories: journal
---

With day 26 in the books, I'm pleased to sit down and jot down a thought or two.

## How did I do?

Well, I had planned to run in Hyde Park in the morning before heading to the airport. But I accidentally poured boiling water on my left hand from a kettle-pour-gone-bad. That led me to some pretty serious injury and pain management. It hurt a lot! I didn't see any immediate skin damage, so I just soaked it in water for a few hours. That helped. But yeah.. that was a big distraction...

I did make it to the airport, and I tried to keep my steps up. Between virtual meetings, I walked up and down. But on the diet front, I had some sandwiches with mayo in them, and I also had a couple of sugary lattes. Not so great. Not so great today.

## Highlight of the day?

Despite my failings lately, I'm somehow still inspirational. This is easily my highlight of the day:

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">my dedication six twelve. <a href="https://t.co/V3cwXfx7cK">https://t.co/V3cwXfx7cK</a> a nod to <a href="https://twitter.com/danielsweb">@danielsweb</a></p>&mdash; Luis Cerezo (@luiscerezo) <a href="https://twitter.com/luiscerezo/status/883143279847538692">July 7, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

(Click through. Give it a read. Consider giving Luis your encouragement.)

## How do I feel?

Tempted to feel terrible. Life it too short for such nonsense. At the risk of not learning, I refused to stay down. Tomorrow I run my 5K, and I pledge to not only follow through, but I will also post a sub-40:00 time. Next week I'll do what I was planning to do the week that just passed. And I will get back on track. Being on official vacation (no remote working) as of tomorrow will help!