---
layout:     post
title:      Day 6
date:       2017-06-17 20:19:34 -0400
summary:    How I lived and felt, day 6.
categories: journal
---

With day 6 in the books, I'm pleased to sit down and jot down a thought or two.

## How did I do?

I started the day by "running" my first 5K of the project. (I plan to run a 5K once a week, every week, culminating on day 70.)  "Running" is in quotes because I walked a mile, ran a mile, and walked the remaining mile and change. I took the opportunity to connect with an old friend I hadn't seen in months, so we did it together. It was fun! I paced 12:45 for the mile I ran. #turtlemode. I will get faster. Stay tuned. ;-)

On the food front, being the weekend, I took it easy. My approach has always been to enjoy the weekend while off-setting it with a solid, disciplined week. True to form, the sweet things couldn't have tasted more delicious. Is it so lovely when one eats the more luxurious things in moderation! I tried not to go too crazy. And I still had my salad (a salad a day!), so that was good.

## Highlight of the day?

I had a lot of them today!

- Running this morning with my friend was sweet. 🏃‍
- Receiving an unexpected encouragement from a friend: "Good morning! I just wanted to tell you that I think you are amazing." 😍
- Receiving yet another unexpected message from another friend and teammate: "Just wanted to tell you how much I like working with you. Lot's of fun!" 😍
- Playing [ARMS](http://www.nintendo.com/games/detail/arms-switch) today with my children - hillarious! 🕹️

## How do I feel?

I feel good. Today was one of the better days. Weekends are generally wonderful. I felt the love in higher quantities than is usual. I am overwhelmed with gratitude. And Father's day tomorrow! Looking forward! ❤️