---
layout:     post
title:      Day 9
date:       2017-06-20 21:02:51 -0400
summary:    How I lived and felt, day 9.
categories: journal
---

With day 9 in the books, I'm pleased to sit down and jot down a thought or two.

## How did I do?

Another strong day. 10k steps, good food. I'm on a roll. Only disappointment was maybe working a little too hard. Didn't come home until 8:30 pm. Kids wanted to sleep over abuela's house (that's my mom's house) so Bettina had to take them over after a long day and of course, now I'm all alone at home. Wish I had come home sooner, Legos all over my office floor and all. We all have regrets.

## Highlight of the day?

My Miami colleagues planning on coming out to a happy hour tomorrow to drink and be merry with me before I leave for six weeks to the Netherlands. That's easily the best. Being able to walk as much today was good. Close second.

## How do I feel?

I feel good, but nervous about the future a little. The first big challenge of my project comes tomorrow in the form of high-carb appetizers and cocktails. But at least I'm mentally preparing for it: order a glass of red wine I can sip all night long, have plenty of water, and maybe eat a protein bar (or two) before I head out so that I'm not as hungry when all the naughty things come out. Push comes to shove I'll allow myself to have a bite or two of something - because a bite or two of conscientious "cheating" is better than guilty mouthfuls full of remorse and fried calamari. Take it from me - it's true. Sigh...
